=head1 NAME

Easy Email Relay - easily setup a secure-ish email relay for legacy devices or software

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Currently, only server.pl really does anything. It is planned to get gui.pl
working too. gui.pl will start a web server that allows for process control
over the server. Until then, just use server.pl after setting up your config
files.

There are a couple other scripts that help with development. kill-process is a
POSIX sh script for finding and killing the gui process when testing. It has
only been tested on OpenBSD, so it may not hurt to run each part of it manually
if you are in a GNU-ish environment.

build.bat depends on L<pp|https://metacpan.org/pod/pp> to be installed. This is
intended for deploying on Windows targets where you don't want to install
Perl.

Currently, none of these scripts are using any arguments. This will probably
change in the future, but I skipped it for now due to other constraints.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Easy Email Relay allows you to support email sending from legacy devices and
software that otherwise would be unsupported on "modern" mail servers. You don't
need this software if your device or software supports authentication over SSL 
or STARTTLS.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

=head2 config.txt

 localhost      IP address of the machine that is running the relay
 localport      Port the machine running the relay will listen on
 remotehost     IP address/domain name of the machine that will deliver the mail
 remoteport     Port of the machine that will deliver the mail
 sslverify      Verify SSL certificates, use 0 for self signed certs
 verifyhostname Verify SSL certificate hostname
 debug          Print SMTP debug information
 timeout        How many seconds to wait for the remote server before disconnect
 logfile        A file this software will write log messages to
 authwithdomain Use 1 unless your remote mail server auths with username only

=head2 allowed_to.txt

This is simply a list of email addresses, one per line, that this relay will be
allowed to send to.

=head2 allowed_from.txt

This is a list of email addresses that can use the relay to send mail. The 
format is:

 email@my.domain    secret/password     ip address that is allowed to send

The IP address should be bare IP only, no subnet or CIDR notation. For example:

 monitoring@my.domain   password123     192.168.1.3

=head1 CAVEATS

This software is still in development. Audit the code before using to make sure
I didn't make any oopsies you are going to deploy in a production environment.

IPv6 has not been tested at all. It probably doesn't work, assume that it 
doesn't.

=head1 AUTHOR

Daniel Lemke <dlemke@taklesoftware.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2022 Daniel J. Lemke <dlemke@taklesoftware.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER 
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.